{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red155\green35\blue147;
\red15\green104\blue160;\red57\green0\blue160;\red93\green108\blue121;\red50\green109\blue116;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c60759\c13753\c57628;
\csgenericrgb\c5882\c40784\c62745;\csgenericrgb\c22454\c0\c62803;\csgenericrgb\c36526\c42188\c47515;\csgenericrgb\c19418\c42935\c45455;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15120\viewh9740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 2D: select a scalar then select a shape, scalar doesnt deselect?\
maybe same problem vice-versa too!?!?!?\
\
\
== - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - \
BOTH: try adding a layer to the shape, a note layer.\
This contains colored notes that float on an alpha layer over the texture.\
they revolve as fast as the shape does.\
The notes get copied in over and over at 90% brightness, so they go away\
after a while.\
Then new notes are drawn in over this previous bitmap.\
\
== - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - \
\
BOTH: new voice groupings:\
    Choir:   for n voices, if any voice is triggered, they ALL are\
       NOTES in choir can be jiggled in time for delay, to produce arpeggio!\
\
    Soloist: for n voices, if any voice is playing, no other voice can play.\
       the second the soloist stops singing, THEN the next voice can play\
\
== - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - \
\
BOTH: try on shape first.  reset button sends lots of updates to mainVC and then\
   they all get acted on independently.  Make it so they ALL go thru to the data model\
   AND THEN do the 3D updates!!\
 When this works, make sure voice and pipe etc do the same\
\
== - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - == - \
\
\
Validate TIFFIE. make sure we can export a scene from the mac to the iphone\
seamlessly...\
\
Scalar control: add dice ywet agaiin.  name it dice_whatever,\
then look for touch events on dice_ controls, dont select/deseletct,\
just run the randoizer for the scalar\
\
\
instead of the 'rake' object in oogie2D/AR,\
just group voices.  create a "group" object.  How does it look ? it must look like a group\
always!\
\
PIPES: what about?? adding pipe delay to UI???\
\
Weird crash on dice  in controlPanel ?\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3     
\f2\b \cf4 func
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf5 getNamedParams\cf2 (name : \cf6 String\cf2 ) -> [
\f2\b \cf4 Any
\f1\b0 \cf2 ]\
    \{\
        \cf7 //exists? Great!\cf2 \
        
\f2\b \cf4 if
\f1\b0 \cf2  
\f2\b \cf4 let
\f1\b0 \cf2  vpd = \cf8 voiceParamsDictionary\cf2 [name]  \{ 
\f2\b \cf4 return
\f1\b0 \cf2  vpd \}\
        \cf7 //otherwise return generic FX 0..100 params\cf2 \
        
\f2\b \cf4 return
\f1\b0 \cf2  \cf8 fx100Params\cf2 \
    \}\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf9 'NSInvalidArgumentException', reason: '-[__NSCFNumber objectForKey:]: unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x8000000000000000'
\f0\b0\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Looks like somehow name is weird?? or\
voiceParamsDictionary is weird???\
\
\
oogie2D / AR: params idea:\
   oogieVoice should have all the info needed\
    to construct an UI.\
   as such the controlPanel should just have a list \
    of lower-case parameter names that it can change.\
   these are in display order.\
   then we loop thru at window create time,\
     and make the UI dynamically from the params.    \
       the param type is gotten from oogieVoice,\
        as is the preferred control type: slider / picker / text\
\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\
\
oogie2D / AR: pipe flow texturemap:\
    on top of gradient add lines which go down pipes as data flows\
    also offer 4=8 different images, each with a larger number\
   of dots, maybe space them randomly.\
   this indicates data flow, more crap per second means more dots.\
.......Should look groooovey\
\
\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\
\
For oogieAR mostly:\
   look up algos that scan in-room objects and put them\
    back into the 3D scene, or maybe algos that Mask the\
    items back into the scene, background mask?\
\
\
oogie2D: load current pipes project.\
    change lat of marker.  PIPE does not follow. WTF?\
\
9/13/21 oogie2D bugs...\
Save Scene as: CRASHES\
\
ALSO crash if you select save scene as / cancel,\
   crash is a result of call to OogieScene.startLoop !!!\
\
\
\
OOGIEAR Bugs:\
\
oogie2D: new audio s/w, sphere rotates but the\
little stylus doesnt change color or make notes!\
\
oogie2D: REDO UI, add similar menus as oogieCam\
OUCH!\
\
\
at start, select a voice, try edit wheel. both lat and param type\
  get edited at once!!!! WTF???\
\
\
pipe select: info box not showing up\
\
OOGIE2D BUGS:\
\
Loading Pipe scene sometimes voice_00001 marker starts\
out with wrong latitude (0 vs some positive number)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs72 \cf0 BUG: load default, then\
load baddrums1.\
old scene doesnt get deleted!\
ALSO: deleting shape:\
free .bmp storage first!\
\
XTRA CREDIT!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
OOGIE2D  & OOGIEAR:  if shape is selected, longpress plus\
sliding left/right can rotate the shape L/R. just like scratching\
Need to longpress near where you touched object\
See if there is a way to play a sample back and forth too???\
 \
\
 }